feat(collections): allow add all changes in a session to a collection (#1074)
acdh-oeaw/apis-core-rdf: docs/source/features.rst

implement a workflow (i.e. three collections: `done` as the root one, `in
process` with `done` as parent and `todo` with `in process` as parent - the
user can then on the click of a button change an the collection an instance is
connected to)

> 
> * :py:func:`apis_core.collections.templatetags.apis_collections.collection_session_toggle_by_id`
> 
> This templatetag provides a checkbox that enabled a collection as "session collection" - this
> means that if enabled, all new version of instances will be added to this collection. This is
> implemented in :py:func:`apis_core.collections.signals.add_to_session_collection`. To use this
> feature, :py:mod:`apis_core.history` has to be enabled and the
> :py:class:`crum.CurrentRequestUserMiddleware` has to be added to the ``MIDDLEWARE``

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* :py:func:`apis_core.collections.templatetags.apis_collections.collection_session_toggle_by_id`

This templatetag provides a checkbox that enables a collection as "session collection" - this
means that if enabled, all new versions of instances will be added to this collection. This is
implemented in :py:func:`apis_core.collections.signals.add_to_session_collection`. To use this
feature, :py:mod:`apis_core.history` has to be enabled and the
:py:class:`crum.CurrentRequestUserMiddleware` has to be added to the ``MIDDLEWARE``
```
